Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: f8893de2-6920-4266-945a-b7bde58d52b0
Review date: February 13, 2026
Review Device: iPad Pro 11-inch (M4)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, we were still not presented with the purchase sheet from the storekit API when we tapped to purchase the subscription of the app. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Pro 11-inch (M4) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.2.1

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.


Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the in-app purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.